README.md, before:

# 101 Exercises for Python Fundamentals

## Rationale
101 Exercises exists as a self-test tool for learning Python fundamentals including data types, operators, and writing user defined fuctions. There are also exercises for practicing with collections such as lists, dictionaries, and sets. 

## Using 101 Exercises online (no setup/install since it's hosted)
1. Create an account on Kaggle.com
2. Go to https://www.kaggle.com/ryanorsinger/101-exercises and click "Copy and Edit" to make your own copy.
3. As you complete exercises, click "Commit" to save your work.
4. For more directions, see https://www.kaggle.com/ryanorsinger/101-exercises

## Using 101 Exercises locally (will run faster and load quicker)
- Download the .zip of this repository or do `git clone git@github.com:ryanorsinger/101-exercises.git`
- `101-exercises.ipynb` is the interactive Jupyter notebook. If you need assistance installing Jupyter, visit https://jupyter-notebook-beginner-guide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
- `101-exercises.py` is the Python script containing the same instructions and assertions (in case you prefer a .py script)

Commit message:

change directions to Google Colab

README.md, after:

# 101 Exercises for Python Fundamentals

## Rationale
101 Exercises exists as a self-test tool for learning Python fundamentals including data types, operators, and writing user defined fuctions. There are also exercises for practicing with collections such as lists, dictionaries, and sets. 

## Using 101 Exercises online (no setup/install since it's hosted)
1. Go to https://colab.research.google.com/github/ryanorsinger/101-exercises/blob/main/101-exercises.ipynb
2. Save your work to your Google Drive by going to File, then "Save a Copy to Drive"

## Using 101 Exercises locally (will run faster and load quicker)
- Download the .zip of this repository or do `git clone git@github.com:ryanorsinger/101-exercises.git`
- `101-exercises.ipynb` is the interactive Jupyter notebook. If you need assistance installing Jupyter, visit https://jupyter-notebook-beginner-guide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
- `101-exercises.py` is the Python script containing the same instructions and assertions (in case you prefer a .py script)
